firmware:       advansys/3550.bin
firmware:       advansys/38C0800.bin
firmware:       advansys/38C1600.bin
firmware:       advansys/mcode.bin
firmware:       aic94xx-seq.fw
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/carrizo_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/fiji_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_ce_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_k_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_mc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_me_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_mec2_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_mec_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_pfp_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_smc_sk.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris10_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_ce_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_k_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_mc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_me_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_mec2_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_mec_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_pfp_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_smc_sk.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris11_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_ce_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_mc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_me_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_mec2_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_mec_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_pfp_2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/polaris12_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_asd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_gpu_info.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/raven_vcn.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/stoney_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_k_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_mc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/tonga_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_k_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_mc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/topaz_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_acg_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_asd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_gpu_info.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_sos.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega10_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_asd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_gpu_info.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_sos.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega12_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_asd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_sos.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vega20_vce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_ce.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_me.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_mec.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_mec2.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_pfp.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_rlc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_sdma.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_sdma1.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_smc.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_uvd.bin
firmware:       amdgpu/vegam_vce.bin
firmware:       ast_dp501_fw.bin
firmware:       atmsar11.fw
firmware:       bnx2/bnx2-mips-06-6.2.3.fw
firmware:       bnx2/bnx2-mips-09-6.2.1b.fw
firmware:       bnx2/bnx2-rv2p-06-6.0.15.fw
firmware:       bnx2/bnx2-rv2p-09-6.0.17.fw
firmware:       bnx2/bnx2-rv2p-09ax-6.0.17.fw
firmware:       bnx2x/bnx2x-e1-7.13.1.0.fw
firmware:       bnx2x/bnx2x-e1h-7.13.1.0.fw
firmware:       bnx2x/bnx2x-e2-7.13.1.0.fw
firmware:       c218tunx.cod
firmware:       c320tunx.cod
firmware:       cavium/cnn55xx_se.fw
firmware:       cbfw-3.2.5.1.bin
firmware:       cp204unx.cod
firmware:       ct2fw-3.2.5.1.bin
firmware:       ctfw-3.2.5.1.bin
firmware:       cxgb3/ael2005_opt_edc.bin
firmware:       cxgb3/ael2005_twx_edc.bin
firmware:       cxgb3/ael2020_twx_edc.bin
firmware:       cxgb3/t3b_psram-1.1.0.bin
firmware:       cxgb3/t3c_psram-1.1.0.bin
firmware:       cxgb3/t3fw-7.12.0.bin
firmware:       cxgb4/t4fw.bin
firmware:       cxgb4/t5fw.bin
firmware:       cxgb4/t6fw.bin
firmware:       cyzfirm.bin
firmware:       e100/d101m_ucode.bin
firmware:       e100/d101s_ucode.bin
firmware:       e100/d102e_ucode.bin
firmware:       i915/bxt_dmc_ver1_07.bin
firmware:       i915/bxt_guc_ver9_29.bin
firmware:       i915/bxt_huc_ver01_07_1398.bin
firmware:       i915/cnl_dmc_ver1_07.bin
firmware:       i915/glk_dmc_ver1_04.bin
firmware:       i915/kbl_dmc_ver1_04.bin
firmware:       i915/kbl_guc_ver9_39.bin
firmware:       i915/kbl_huc_ver02_00_1810.bin
firmware:       i915/skl_dmc_ver1_27.bin
firmware:       i915/skl_guc_ver9_33.bin
firmware:       i915/skl_huc_ver01_07_1398.bin
firmware:       isi4608.bin
firmware:       isi4616.bin
firmware:       isi608.bin
firmware:       isi608em.bin
firmware:       isi616em.bin
firmware:       lattice-ecp3.bit
firmware:       mellanox/mlxsw_spectrum-13.1620.192.mfa2
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0081-0001_1x40.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0081-0001_4x10.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0096-0001_2x10.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0097-0001_2x40.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0097-0001_4x10_1x40.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0097-0001_8x10.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0099-0001_1x10_1x25.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0099-0001_2x10.nffw
firmware:       netronome/nic_AMDA0099-0001_2x25.nffw
firmware:       pca200e_ecd.bin2
firmware:       qat_895xcc.bin
firmware:       qat_895xcc_mmp.bin
firmware:       ql2100_fw.bin
firmware:       ql2200_fw.bin
firmware:       ql2300_fw.bin
firmware:       ql2322_fw.bin
firmware:       ql2400_fw.bin
firmware:       ql2500_fw.bin
firmware:       qlogic/1040.bin
firmware:       qlogic/12160.bin
firmware:       qlogic/1280.bin
firmware:       radeon/ARUBA_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/ARUBA_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/ARUBA_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/BARTS_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/BARTS_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/BARTS_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/BARTS_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/BONAIRE_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/BTC_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAICOS_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAICOS_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAICOS_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAICOS_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAYMAN_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAYMAN_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAYMAN_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAYMAN_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CAYMAN_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CEDAR_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/CEDAR_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/CEDAR_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CEDAR_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CYPRESS_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/CYPRESS_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/CYPRESS_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CYPRESS_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/CYPRESS_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAINAN_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/HAWAII_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/JUNIPER_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/JUNIPER_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/JUNIPER_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/JUNIPER_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/KABINI_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/KABINI_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/KABINI_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/KABINI_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/KABINI_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/KABINI_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/KAVERI_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/KAVERI_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/KAVERI_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/KAVERI_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/KAVERI_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/KAVERI_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/MULLINS_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/MULLINS_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/MULLINS_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/MULLINS_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/MULLINS_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/MULLINS_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/OLAND_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/PALM_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/PALM_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/PITCAIRN_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/R100_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/R200_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/R300_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/R420_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/R520_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/R600_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/R600_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/R600_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/R600_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/R700_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/REDWOOD_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/REDWOOD_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/REDWOOD_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/REDWOOD_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/RS600_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RS690_cp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RS780_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RS780_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RS780_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV610_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV610_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV620_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV620_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV630_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV630_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV635_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV635_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV670_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV670_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV710_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV710_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV710_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV710_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV730_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV730_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV730_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV740_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV770_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV770_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV770_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/RV770_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/SUMO2_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/SUMO2_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/SUMO_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/SUMO_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/SUMO_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/SUMO_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/TAHITI_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/TURKS_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/TURKS_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/TURKS_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/TURKS_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_mc2.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/VERDE_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/banks_k_2_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_k_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_sdma1.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/bonaire_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_k_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hainan_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_k_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_sdma1.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/hawaii_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_sdma1.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/kabini_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_mec2.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_sdma1.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/kaveri_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_mec.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_sdma.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_sdma1.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_uvd.bin
firmware:       radeon/mullins_vce.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_k_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/oland_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_k_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/pitcairn_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/si58_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/tahiti_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/tahiti_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/tahiti_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/tahiti_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/tahiti_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/tahiti_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_ce.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_k_smc.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_mc.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_me.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_pfp.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_rlc.bin
firmware:       radeon/verde_smc.bin
firmware:       rp2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8105e-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8106e-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8106e-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8107e-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8107e-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168d-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168d-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168e-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168e-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168e-3.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168f-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168f-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168g-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168g-3.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168h-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8168h-2.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8402-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8411-1.fw
firmware:       rtl_nic/rtl8411-2.fw
firmware:       rtlwifi/rtl8822befw.bin
firmware:       slicoss/gbdownload.sys
firmware:       slicoss/gbrcvucode.sys
firmware:       slicoss/oasisdownload.sys
firmware:       slicoss/oasisrcvucode.sys
firmware:       solos-FPGA.bin
firmware:       solos-Firmware.bin
firmware:       solos-db-FPGA.bin
firmware:       tigon/tg3.bin
firmware:       tigon/tg3_tso.bin
firmware:       tigon/tg3_tso5.bin
firmware:       wd719x-risc.bin
firmware:       wd719x-wcs.bin
